`Development`: Recommend IntelliJ in student exam guide (#5357)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/exams/students_guide.rst

>     - **Java IDE with JDK 17**

Reviewer: please change line 24 above to:

- The following prerequisites are only required if your exam contains Java programming exercises:

>         **Recommendation:** IntelliJ IDEA 2022.1.3.

Reviewer 2: Why do you want to drop the recommendation for eclipse?
I would suggest to simply add the recommendation for intellij here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Recommendation:** IntelliJ IDEA 2022.1.3 or Eclipse IDE 2022-06
```

Reviewer: We completely switched to IntelliJ with Gradle in our course. It's much easier and more reliable to use than Eclipse ;-)

    - **Git Client**

>         **Recommendation:** IntelliJ comes with an integrated git client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Recommendation:** Use the git client integrated into IntelliJ and Eclipse! Alternative: SourceTree or GitKraken
```
